Foundations/Flexbox: Fix Additional Resources section (#24113)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/html_css/flexbox/flexbox-alignment.md

    * 07-flex-layout-2
</div>

### Knowledge Check

This section contains questions for you to check your understanding of this lesson on your own. If you’re having trouble answering a question, click it and review the material it links to.

- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Aligning_Items_in_a_Flex_Container">What is the difference between `justify-content` and `align-items`?</a>
- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Aligning_Items_in_a_Flex_Container">How do you use flexbox to completely center a div inside a flex container?</a>
- <a class="knowledge-check-link" href="https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/">What's the difference between `justify-content: space-between` and `justify-content: space-around`?</a>

### Additional Resources

> This section contains helpful links to other content. It isn't required, so consider it supplemental.

Reviewer: This should be updated so that "other" is replaced with "related":

```suggestion
This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.
```
